Integration edits (#1007)
DataDog/integrations-extras: embrace_mobile/README.md

performance optimization, issue prioritization and remediation, and monitoring across features, releases, and custom 
segments. At its core, Embrace turns complex mobile data into action. By collecting comprehensive session-level data for
each and every user experience, Embrace extracts powerful insights to fuel your growth.

After integration installation, Embrace provides dashboards that track key mobile health metrics. For any regression, you can inspect 
the full details of every affected user session without having to manually reproduce it. 

 
## Setup

1. Start a free trial with Embrace and follow our [documentation here][2]. **You’ll need to 
   follow this documentation before seeing metrics in Datadog.**
1. After completing setup of the Embrace integration, navigate back to Datadog to connect both platforms.
1. Authenticate and connect your Embrace account to Datadog by simply logging in with your credentials.
1. Create a New Dashboard in Datadog. Select the Embrace widget to display Embrace data with crash or networking metrics.
1. Click into “Details” to dive deeper into Embrace from Datadog.

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support
```

> For support or questions, please contact Embrace via: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For support or questions, contact [Datadog support][3].
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Email: datadogsupport@embrace.io 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Documentation is available [here][2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional Embrace documentation is available [here][2].
```

[1]: https://embrace.io

> [2]: https://embrace.io/docs/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[2]: https://embrace.io/docs/
[3]: https://www.datadoghq.com/support/
```

# Embrace Mobile

## Overview

### What is Embrace?

> [Embrace][1] is a mobile observability and data platform that empowers mobile teams to deliver optimal user experiences via 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Embrace][1] is a mobile observability and data platform that empowers mobile teams to deliver optimal user experiences for 
```

performance optimization, issue prioritization and remediation, and monitoring across features, releases, and custom 
segments. At its core, Embrace turns complex mobile data into action. By collecting comprehensive session-level data for
each and every user experience, Embrace extracts powerful insights to fuel your growth.

> Post integration, Embrace provides dashboards that track key mobile health metrics. For any regression, you can inspect 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After integration installation, Embrace provides dashboards that track key mobile health metrics. For any regression, you can inspect 
```

the full details of every affected user session without having to manually reproduce it. 

### Embrace Datadog Dashboard

The Datadog dashboard connects client-side Embrace data for crashes and networking to your server-side data. 

![Embrace Datadog Dashboard][2]

#### Crashes

Monitor crash trends and inspect stack traces for every crash directly within Datadog. For more context, review full
user session details within Embrace.

![Crashes Side Panel][3]

#### Networking

> Embrace collects every network call, even the ones that never make it to the servers. You will see all errors on your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Embrace collects every network call, even the ones that never make it to the servers. See all errors on your
```

endpoints, including 4xxs, 5xxs, timeouts, and connection errors.

![Network Side Panel][4]

---

From Datadog, immediately navigate to the actionable data and insights needed to optimize mobile experiences within the
Embrace platform. These include:

#### User Session Replays

> Experience any user session without the hassle of reproducing. Replay all the technical and behavioral details in one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Experience any user session without the hassle of reproducing. Replay all the technical and behavioral details in one
```

traversable visual so that any team member can immediately answer any question or complaint.

![Embrace Session Timeline][5]

#### App Performance

> Understand every cause of broken experiences to correctly measure and improve mobile app health. Beyond crashes,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Understand the cause of a broken user experience to correctly measure and improve mobile app health. Beyond crashes,
```

optimize performance to remove slow or frozen areas that lead to force quits and abandonment of key user flows. 

![Embrace App Performance][6]

#### Dashboards

> Track adoption, performance, stability, engagement, and monetization with real-time dashboards for the metrics that 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Track adoption, performance, stability, engagement, and monetization with real-time dashboards for the metrics that 
```

matter to your business. Create individual or team dashboards to hone in on the features or experiments they care about.

![Embrace Dashboard][7]

#### Error Logging

> Set session and log properties to allow powerful filtering to isolate the root cause. Easily uncover patterns across 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Set session and log properties to allow powerful filtering to isolate the root cause. Uncover patterns across 
```

device, version, OS, region, user segment, and event attributes so that your team knows the business impact and 
remediation priority of issues. 

#### Proactive Alerting

> Be the first to know about regressions in the performance and stability of your features and releases. Whether the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Be the first to know about regressions in the performance and stability of your features and releases. Whether the 
```

failure is in your code, your backend, or a bad actor third-party SDK or vendor, Embrace notifies you in real-time
so you can take action before your users complain.
 
## Setup

1. Start a free trial with Embrace and follow our [documentation here][8]. **You’ll need to 

>    complete a basic integration before seeing metrics within Datadog.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   follow this documentation before seeing metrics in Datadog.**
```

> 1. After completion of the Embrace integration, you can come back to Datadog to connect both platforms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. After completing setup of the Embrace integration, navigate back to Datadog to connect both platforms.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this portion requires in-app setup (clicking install on the tile), but making note in case we need to add as a step.

> 1. Create a “New Dashboard” in Datadog and select the Embrace widget.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a New Dashboard in Datadog and select the Embrace widget.
```

> 1. Authenticate and connect your Embrace account to Datadog by simply logging in with your credentials.

Reviewer 2: This step seems like it should go above the create a new dashboard and select embrace widget step.

> 1. Create your new widget within Datadog to display Embrace data with crash or networking metrics and give it a title.

Reviewer 2: This steps looks like a duplicate of the above create a dashboard step. Would reorg and combine the two.

> 1. Watch the magic happen! You can click into “Details” to dive deeper into Embrace from Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click into “Details” to dive deeper into Embrace from Datadog.
```
